Friends Summer and Rod found a match at the taxi. Summer gave it to
The college Cal and Jesus went to had a nail. Cal gave it to
Then, Taylor and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Taylor said to
Once Kevin and Phil finished at the laundromat, Kevin gave a spanner to
Once Thomas and Richard finished at the studio, Thomas gave a surge protector to
Friends Al and Fred found a spoon at the racetrack. Al gave it to
Then, Matthew and Phil had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to
Friends Matthew and James found a fork at the taxi. Matthew gave it to
Once Paul and Jean finished at the aircraft, Paul gave a chair to
Then, Will and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Will said to
The elevator Sarah and Jim went to had a sifter. Sarah gave it to
Then, Rod and Taylor had a long argument, and afterwards Rod said to
Later, Cal and Richard met at the clothing store. Cal handed a boot to
Then, Gary and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Gary said to
Then, William and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards William said to
Friends Al and Rod found a scanner at the bus. Al gave it to
Then, Matthew and Sky had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to
Then, Joy and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Joy said to
Once Jim and Alexander finished at the thrift store, Jim gave a lock to
Once James and Sarah finished at the spa, James gave a toothbrush to
Once Max and Jesus finished at the amphitheater, Max gave a thimble to
The college Alexander and Alex went to had a dryer. Alexander gave it to
Then, Charles and Luke had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to
Later, Steve and Matthew met at the aircraft. Steve handed a nail to
The stand Thomas and Joy went to had a slipper. Thomas gave it to
Once Matthew and Roger finished at the cinema, Matthew gave a clipboard to
Later, Jean and Kevin met at the toy store. Jean handed a match to
Then, Phil and Doug had a long argument, and afterwards Phil said to
Once Sarah and Phil finished at the bus, Sarah gave a cup to
Friends Sarah and Summer found a jug at the spa. Sarah gave it to
The station Steve and Alexander went to had a plant. Steve gave it to
Friends Jean and Doug found a towel at the university. Jean gave it to
Friends Luke and Alex found a bandage at the post. Luke gave it to
Then, Lee and Will had a long argument, and afterwards Lee said to
Once Matt and Thomas finished at the boatyard, Matt gave a dryer to
Once Steve and Fred finished at the pharmacy, Steve gave a sifter to
The court Sky and Bob went to had a scarf. Sky gave it to
Then, William and Jane had a long argument, and afterwards William said to
Friends Phil and Lee found a newspaper at the elevator. Phil gave it to
Friends Jesus and Hope found a newspaper at the harbor. Jesus gave it to
Friends Ty and Luke found a clipboard at the cafeteria. Ty gave it to
Once Max and Sky finished at the track, Max gave a lock to
The university Jesus and Bob went to had a vacuum. Jesus gave it to
Then, Brian and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to
The barbershop Richard and Kevin went to had a tripod. Richard gave it to
The court Ty and Ann went to had a nut. Ty gave it to
Once Eric and Bob finished at the college, Eric gave a curtain to
Friends James and William found a nut at the florist. James gave it to
Later, Matthew and Ty met at the harbor. Matthew handed a plant to
Then, Ty and Jesus had a long argument, and afterwards Ty said to
Then, Rod and Joe had a long argument, and afterwards Rod said to
Once Hope and Doug finished at the pharmacy, Hope gave a keychain to
Then, Alexander and Bob had a long argument, and afterwards Alexander said to
The gas Richard and Jesus went to had a keychain. Richard gave it to
Friends Ty and Steve found a hanger at the stand. Ty gave it to
Friends William and Taylor found a calculator at the pharmacy. William gave it to
The laundromat Charles and Kate went to had a scanner. Charles gave it to
Once Phil and Summer finished at the academy, Phil gave a jug to
Once Gary and Alex finished at the bus, Gary gave a glass to
Then, Max and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Max said to
Friends Richard and Fred found a slipper at the room. Richard gave it to
Once Steve and Kevin finished at the plaza, Steve gave a slipper to
Later, Carl and Ross met at the toy store. Carl handed a television to
Once Thomas and Richard finished at the music store, Thomas gave a camera to
Later, Phil and Al met at the canteen. Phil handed a pin to
The post Joy and Gary went to had a saw. Joy gave it to
Friends Phil and Sarah found a television at the elevator. Phil gave it to
Then, Ann and James had a long argument, and afterwards Ann said to
Later, Summer and Jesus met at the reception. Summer handed a door to
Once Joe and Matthew finished at the racecourse, Joe gave a clipboard to
Friends Ross and Kevin found a clipboard at the stand. Ross gave it to
Later, Bob and Hope met at the cinema. Bob handed a bicycle to
Later, Hope and Jim met at the laundromat. Hope handed a sandpaper to
Then, Charles and Kate had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to
Later, Eric and Matt met at the fairground. Eric handed a match to
The barbershop Rod and Matthew went to had a sofa. Rod gave it to
Once Kate and Roger finished at the court, Kate gave a chair to
Once Scott and Joy finished at the harbor, Scott gave a clipboard to
Then, Ty and Hope had a long argument, and afterwards Ty said to
Once Summer and Phil finished at the elevator, Summer gave a hanger to
Later, Bob and Cal met at the post. Bob handed a slipper to
The stadium Charles and Jean went to had a knife. Charles gave it to
The spa Ross and Alexander went to had a cushion. Ross gave it to
Once Jean and Brian finished at the plaza, Jean gave a tie to
Friends Summer and Luke found a hanger at the cafeteria. Summer gave it to
Later, Ross and Paul met at the courtyard. Ross handed a curling iron to
Later, Roger and Al met at the track. Roger handed a broom to
Friends Sarah and Cal found a bucket at the caravan. Sarah gave it to
The gas Luke and Kate went to had a skirt. Luke gave it to
Friends Hope and Taylor found a toothbrush at the court. Hope gave it to
Later, Jane and Louis met at the plaza. Jane handed a tie to
Friends Thomas and Hope found a bench at the spa. Thomas gave it to
Later, Steve and Alex met at the stadium. Steve handed a table to
Later, Jean and Bob met at the train. Jean handed a necklace to
Once Al and Kevin finished at the reception, Al gave a perfume to
Once Louis and Will finished at the caravan, Louis gave a thread to
Once Jane and Al finished at the field, Jane gave a door to
Once Max and Brian finished at the playground, Max gave a key to
Once Ross and Thomas finished at the florist, Ross gave a curling iron to
The gallery Brian and James went to had a blanket. Brian gave it to
The gas Louis and Al went to had a blouse. Louis gave it to
Later, Jane and Jesus met at the restaurant. Jane handed a nail clipper to
Once Rod and Gary finished at the reception, Rod gave a key to
Friends James and Brian found a hanger at the terminal. James gave it to
Once Steve and Al finished at the elevator, Steve gave a bag to
Later, Jane and Joe met at the boatyard. Jane handed a skirt to
Friends Bob and Hope found a knife at the terminal. Bob gave it to
Then, Joe and Roger had a long argument, and afterwards Joe said to
Then, Joy and Thomas had a long argument, and afterwards Joy said to
Once Ty and Scott finished at the aircraft, Ty gave a nail clipper to
Friends Joy and Phil found a scarf at the florist. Joy gave it to
Once Alex and Charles finished at the pharmacy, Alex gave a surge protector to
Once Matt and Thomas finished at the gym, Matt gave a boot to
Later, Gary and Sky met at the room. Gary handed a tablet to
Once Ross and James finished at the vet, Ross gave a knife to
Once Alex and Cal finished at the clothing store, Alex gave a saw to
Then, Thomas and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Thomas said to
Then, Charles and Ty had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to
Then, Brian and Alex had a long argument, and afterwards Brian said to
Friends Max and Doug found a sifter at the gallery. Max gave it to
Once Max and Taylor finished at the cinema, Max gave a television to
Then, Ross and Doug had a long argument, and afterwards Ross said to
Then, Sarah and Gary had a long argument, and afterwards Sarah said to
Once Jane and James finished at the thrift store, Jane gave a knife to
The stadium Jean and Matt went to had a cup. Jean gave it to
Later, Richard and Al met at the gym. Richard handed a necklace to
Once Jane and Ty finished at the restaurant, Jane gave a fork to
Friends Louis and Luke found a shovel at the caravan. Louis gave it to
Then, Al and Lee had a long argument, and afterwards Al said to
Later, Steve and Charles met at the fairground. Steve handed a tripod to
Friends Matthew and Fred found a bucket at the elevator. Matthew gave it to
Once Ann and Scott finished at the cinema, Ann gave a knife to
Then, Jane and Summer had a long argument, and afterwards Jane said to
Friends Jim and Louis found a tie at the ferry. Jim gave it to
The station Jesus and Steve went to had a faucet. Jesus gave it to
Then, Carl and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Carl said to
Once Ross and Summer finished at the elevator, Ross gave a screw driver to
Once Kate and Scott finished at the spa, Kate gave a pin to
Friends Luke and Phil found a lock at the vet. Luke gave it to
Friends William and Matt found a door at the post. William gave it to
Then, Charles and Sky had a long argument, and afterwards Charles said to
Later, Lee and Jean met at the gas. Lee handed a ruler to
Once Max and James finished at the spa, Max gave a keychain to
Once Fred and Phil finished at the thrift store, Fred gave a sandpaper to
Later, Louis and Phil met at the vet. Louis handed a plant to
Once Luke and Ross finished at the service station, Luke gave a slipper to
Friends Alex and Taylor found a keychain at the plaza. Alex gave it to
Once Gary and Will finished at the harbor, Gary gave a spoon to
Friends Jesus and Doug found a shoe at the aircraft. Jesus gave it to
The ferry Carl and Al went to had a nail. Carl gave it to
Then, Fred and Summer had a long argument, and afterwards Fred said to
Friends Ann and Hope found a camera at the stadium. Ann gave it to
The university Eric and Carl went to had a shoe. Eric gave it to
Once Matt and Brian finished at the elevator, Matt gave a shovel to
The field Scott and Steve went to had a toothbrush. Scott gave it to
Once Louis and Matt finished at the taxi, Louis gave a tripod to
Once Alexander and Doug finished at the studio, Alexander gave a wardrobe to
The post Ty and Alex went to had a mask. Ty gave it to
Then, Doug and Jean had a long argument, and afterwards Doug said to
Later, Hope and Lee met at the music store. Hope handed a key to
Friends Ty and Joy found a shovel at the ferry. Ty gave it to
Friends Kevin and Jim found a boot at the terminal. Kevin gave it to
Later, Max and Rod met at the cinema. Max handed a sandpaper to
Then, Sarah and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Sarah said to
Later, Matt and Thomas met at the train. Matt handed a calculator to
Then, Max and Richard had a long argument, and afterwards Max said to
Once Joe and Paul finished at the caravan, Joe gave a strap to
Once Will and William finished at the clothing store, Will gave a shovel to
Once Phil and Ty finished at the cafeteria, Phil gave a file to
The station Joy and Kate went to had a file. Joy gave it to
Then, Rod and Lee had a long argument, and afterwards Rod said to
Friends Summer and Jesus found a plant at the amphitheater. Summer gave it to
Once Gary and Bob finished at the post, Gary gave a sifter to
Friends Matt and Luke found a hanger at the university. Matt gave it to
Once Doug and Sky finished at the fairground, Doug gave a shovel to
Later, James and Richard met at the studio. James handed a perfume to
Later, Paul and Phil met at the embassy. Paul handed a thread to
Later, Scott and Steve met at the florist. Scott handed a curtain to
Friends Sky and Phil found a vacuum at the university. Sky gave it to
Once Cal and James finished at the thrift store, Cal gave a tissue to
Once Bob and Jean finished at the university, Bob gave a surge protector to
Friends Jean and Taylor found a bowl at the racecourse. Jean gave it to
The canteen Sarah and Kevin went to had a bag. Sarah gave it to
Once Kate and Bob finished at the factory, Kate gave a television to
Once Alex and Jesus finished at the vet, Alex gave a surge protector to
Friends Alexander and Roger found a saw at the field. Alexander gave it to
Once Carl and Doug finished at the spa, Carl gave a jar to
Later, Louis and Taylor met at the cafeteria. Louis handed a blanket to
Later, Carl and Scott met at the bakery. Carl handed a bolt to
The academy Matthew and Will went to had a hairbrush. Matthew gave it to
Then, Doug and Alex had a long argument, and afterwards Doug said to
The pharmacy Jesus and Taylor went to had a bolt. Jesus gave it to
Then, James and Jim had a long argument, and afterwards James said to
The bus Hope and Taylor went to had a camera. Hope gave it to
Friends Matt and Fred found a bucket at the academy. Matt gave it to
Friends Paul and Lee found a sink at the university. Paul gave it to
Once Scott and William finished at the pharmacy, Scott gave a thread to
Friends Joe and Fred found a match at the stand. Joe gave it to
Later, Steve and Alexander met at the reception. Steve handed a cushion to
Later, Paul and Jean met at the racecourse. Paul handed a knife to
Once Scott and Sarah finished at the clothing store, Scott gave a calculator to
Later, Rod and Will met at the courtyard. Rod handed a swab to
Once Kevin and Hope finished at the ferry, Kevin gave a television to
Once Steve and Kate finished at the embassy, Steve gave a vacuum to
Later, Cal and Hope met at the gas. Cal handed a bowl to
Then, Alexander and Kevin had a long argument, and afterwards Alexander said to
Later, Hope and Will met at the embassy. Hope handed a curtain to
Friends Hope and Scott found a pin at the terminal. Hope gave it to
Then, Summer and Luke had a long argument, and afterwards Summer said to
The university Carl and Doug went to had a tripod. Carl gave it to
Once Sarah and Carl finished at the barbershop, Sarah gave a toothpick to
Once Jean and Gary finished at the cinema, Jean gave a spoon to
Then, Phil and Steve had a long argument, and afterwards Phil said to
Friends Kevin and Kate found a bag at the gymnasium. Kevin gave it to
Once Matt and Kevin finished at the racetrack, Matt gave a slipper to
The stadium Steve and Jim went to had a saw. Steve gave it to
Later, Carl and Matt met at the bakery. Carl handed a mask to
Friends Joe and Ty found a blanket at the aircraft. Joe gave it to
Once Ty and Thomas finished at the auto shop, Ty gave a lock to
Then, Max and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Max said to
Friends Joe and Kate found a swab at the gymnasium. Joe gave it to
Later, Kate and Lee met at the vet. Kate handed a cushion to
Once Fred and Ann finished at the toy store, Fred gave a bandage to
Then, Richard and Ty had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to
Once Jim and Paul finished at the room, Jim gave a tissue to
Later, Roger and Matthew met at the cinema. Roger handed a newspaper to
The stadium Alexander and Cal went to had a bench. Alexander gave it to
Later, Sky and Matthew met at the room. Sky handed a scarf to
Then, Carl and Scott had a long argument, and afterwards Carl said to
The taxi Max and Joe went to had a table. Max gave it to
Once Joe and Jesus finished at the gym, Joe gave a sifter to
Friends Hope and Fred found a nail at the taxi. Hope gave it to
Then, Doug and Jesus had a long argument, and afterwards Doug said to
Later, Phil and Eric met at the factory. Phil handed a shovel to
The laundromat Gary and Jean went to had a stapler. Gary gave it to
Later, Thomas and Gary met at the gas. Thomas handed a blanket to
Friends Gary and Matthew found a sofa at the barracks. Gary gave it to
Later, Fred and Jane met at the stand. Fred handed a swab to
Later, Rod and Will met at the clothing store. Rod handed a plant to
Once Doug and Phil finished at the gymnasium, Doug gave a lock to
The post Al and Steve went to had a necklace. Al gave it to
Once Taylor and Charles finished at the boatyard, Taylor gave a bench to
Once William and Luke finished at the service station, William gave a match to
Then, Cal and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Cal said to
Once Alexander and Fred finished at the train, Alexander gave a shoe to
Then, Jim and Matt had a long argument, and afterwards Jim said to
Later, William and Richard met at the thrift store. William handed a clipboard to
The terminal Luke and Jesus went to had a newspaper. Luke gave it to
Once Joy and Jim finished at the service station, Joy gave a television to
Once Gary and Sky finished at the restaurant, Gary gave a stapler to
Friends Matthew and Carl found a bandage at the studio. Matthew gave it to
The stand Paul and Ty went to had a bowl. Paul gave it to
The laundromat Sarah and Richard went to had a joystick. Sarah gave it to
Once Scott and Summer finished at the bakery, Scott gave a toothbrush to
The gas Brian and Louis went to had a hairbrush. Brian gave it to
The terminal Paul and Al went to had a clipboard. Paul gave it to
Once Carl and Sarah finished at the laundromat, Carl gave a wardrobe to
Friends Luke and Kevin found a newspaper at the canteen. Luke gave it to
Later, Al and Hope met at the racecourse. Al handed a nail clipper to
Then, Kate and Phil had a long argument, and afterwards Kate said to
Once Lee and Al finished at the courtyard, Lee gave a shoe to
Friends Matt and Eric found a sofa at the laundromat. Matt gave it to
Later, Taylor and Kevin met at the racetrack. Taylor handed a toothbrush to
Later, Roger and Cal met at the boatyard. Roger handed a bandage to
Later, Jesus and Louis met at the racetrack. Jesus handed a scarf to
Then, Luke and Roger had a long argument, and afterwards Luke said to
Later, Matt and Ross met at the service station. Matt handed a clipboard to
Later, Jim and Gary met at the elevator. Jim handed a spanner to
The academy Charles and Taylor went to had a drink. Charles gave it to
The bakery Gary and Charles went to had a file. Gary gave it to
Once Jane and Jesus finished at the fairground, Jane gave a clipboard to
Then, Kevin and Taylor had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to
Friends Matthew and Carl found a toothpick at the gallery. Matthew gave it to
Friends Carl and Rod found a clipboard at the gymnasium. Carl gave it to
Then, Kevin and Ty had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to
Later, Cal and James met at the train. Cal handed a shoe to
Then, Gary and Hope had a long argument, and afterwards Gary said to
Then, Phil and Rod had a long argument, and afterwards Phil said to
The embassy Gary and Al went to had a strap. Gary gave it to
Later, Joe and Phil met at the university. Joe handed a jug to
Friends Joe and Sarah found a scanner at the reception. Joe gave it to
Then, Sky and Matt had a long argument, and afterwards Sky said to
Once Alexander and Fred finished at the reception, Alexander gave a bicycle to
Once Cal and Ann finished at the canteen, Cal gave a bandage to
The gymnasium Jim and Sky went to had a mask. Jim gave it to
Once Doug and Ty finished at the spa, Doug gave a slipper to
Friends Kate and Eric found a bucket at the pharmacy. Kate gave it to
Once Richard and Sarah finished at the studio, Richard gave a hanger to
The vet Rod and Lee went to had a chair. Rod gave it to
The canteen Lee and Richard went to had a bucket. Lee gave it to
Once Sky and Kate finished at the reception, Sky gave a bucket to
Then, Matthew and Al had a long argument, and afterwards Matthew said to
The gallery Will and Ty went to had a necklace. Will gave it to
Friends Matthew and Thomas found a thread at the florist. Matthew gave it to
Later, Kate and Will met at the academy. Kate handed a tie to
Later, Hope and Joy met at the caravan. Hope handed a swab to
Later, Jim and Alexander met at the clothing store. Jim handed a nut to
Once Jean and Scott finished at the barbershop, Jean gave a towel to
The embassy Steve and Alexander went to had a bowl. Steve gave it to
Later, Will and Kate met at the train. Will handed a skirt to
Later, Kevin and Gary met at the spa. Kevin handed a hanger to
The playground Joe and Louis went to had a hairbrush. Joe gave it to
Once Alexander and Jesus finished at the spa, Alexander gave a dryer to
Then, Alex and Gary had a long argument, and afterwards Alex said to
Friends Matt and Joy found a hairbrush at the gas. Matt gave it to
Later, Fred and Sarah met at the gallery. Fred handed a toothbrush to
Then, Taylor and Doug had a long argument, and afterwards Taylor said to
The plaza Hope and Richard went to had a shoe. Hope gave it to
Friends Alex and Louis found a match at the barracks. Alex gave it to
Friends Lee and Charles found a scarf at the stadium. Lee gave it to
Then, Kevin and Ross had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to
Later, Gary and Phil met at the barbershop. Gary handed a scarf to
Later, Sarah and Jim met at the factory. Sarah handed a backpack to
Then, Matt and Joy had a long argument, and afterwards Matt said to
The college Will and Steve went to had a blanket. Will gave it to
Later, Sarah and Eric met at the fairground. Sarah handed a drink to
Once Fred and Hope finished at the playground, Fred gave a necklace to
Once Kevin and Cal finished at the plaza, Kevin gave a cushion to
Then, Alexander and Summer had a long argument, and afterwards Alexander said to
Once Fred and Luke finished at the thrift store, Fred gave a key to
Once Kate and Louis finished at the amphitheater, Kate gave a thimble to
Then, Ty and Phil had a long argument, and afterwards Ty said to
The college Will and Kate went to had a door. Will gave it to
Once Kevin and Louis finished at the elevator, Kevin gave a towel to
Then, Will and Hope had a long argument, and afterwards Will said to
Later, Thomas and William met at the barbershop. Thomas handed a keychain to
Once Eric and Sky finished at the canteen, Eric gave a towel to
The station Joe and James went to had a scanner. Joe gave it to
Once Lee and Louis finished at the stadium, Lee gave a broom to
The stadium Max and Jane went to had a necklace. Max gave it to
Once Phil and Ty finished at the service station, Phil gave a towel to
Later, Kevin and Bob met at the terminal. Kevin handed a drink to
Friends Ross and Charles found a tie at the gas. Ross gave it to
Friends Alexander and Paul found a calculator at the court. Alexander gave it to
Friends Doug and Max found a scarf at the station. Doug gave it to
Later, Paul and Kate met at the bus. Paul handed a joystick to
Then, Will and Jean had a long argument, and afterwards Will said to
Later, Jesus and James met at the cafeteria. Jesus handed a blouse to
Later, Will and Roger met at the field. Will handed a key to
Later, Phil and Paul met at the factory. Phil handed a fork to
Friends Steve and Thomas found a thimble at the laundromat. Steve gave it to
Friends Taylor and Brian found a nut at the reception. Taylor gave it to
Later, Brian and Max met at the station. Brian handed a vacuum to
Then, Carl and Steve had a long argument, and afterwards Carl said to
Once Eric and William finished at the music store, Eric gave a knife to
The factory Alex and Ty went to had a glass. Alex gave it to
The bakery Sarah and Matthew went to had a ruler. Sarah gave it to
Once Fred and Alexander finished at the thrift store, Fred gave a tablet to
Then, Lee and Alex had a long argument, and afterwards Lee said to
Once Joe and Alex finished at the florist, Joe gave a bicycle to
Once Steve and Rod finished at the caravan, Steve gave a jug to
Then, Luke and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Luke said to
Once Ross and Joe finished at the toy store, Ross gave a shovel to
The stadium Max and Gary went to had a clipboard. Max gave it to
Later, Sky and Joy met at the gas. Sky handed a match to
Then, Paul and Sky had a long argument, and afterwards Paul said to
Once Sarah and Richard finished at the auto shop, Sarah gave a perfume to
The playground Alex and Ann went to had a match. Alex gave it to
Then, Scott and Alexander had a long argument, and afterwards Scott said to
Friends Ross and Will found a key at the florist. Ross gave it to
The laundromat Joy and Carl went to had a hanger. Joy gave it to
Once Jane and Jim finished at the barracks, Jane gave a keychain to
Once Charles and Kevin finished at the taxi, Charles gave a sofa to
The ferry Paul and Joy went to had a glass. Paul gave it to
Then, Richard and Brian had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to
Then, Phil and Cal had a long argument, and afterwards Phil said to
Later, Cal and Taylor met at the stadium. Cal handed a bench to
Friends Doug and Richard found a shovel at the elevator. Doug gave it to
Later, Joy and Brian met at the cinema. Joy handed a match to
Then, Matt and Max had a long argument, and afterwards Matt said to
Later, Joy and Ross met at the racecourse. Joy handed a blanket to
Once Will and Hope finished at the reception, Will gave a blouse to
Then, Scott and Jean had a long argument, and afterwards Scott said to
Friends Matt and Brian found a bandage at the terminal. Matt gave it to
The barbershop Matthew and Phil went to had a dryer. Matthew gave it to
Then, Jim and Kate had a long argument, and afterwards Jim said to
Once Lee and Taylor finished at the thrift store, Lee gave a jar to
Later, Al and Will met at the service station. Al handed a door to
Later, Ty and Richard met at the music store. Ty handed a backpack to
The gym Hope and Ann went to had a newspaper. Hope gave it to
Once Will and Max finished at the studio, Will gave a sifter to
Then, Kate and Matthew had a long argument, and afterwards Kate said to
Then, Will and James had a long argument, and afterwards Will said to
The spa Roger and Eric went to had a nail. Roger gave it to
Later, Eric and Ann met at the spa. Eric handed a boot to
Once Matt and Summer finished at the courtyard, Matt gave a plant to
Once William and Doug finished at the gallery, William gave a perfume to
Friends Jesus and Richard found a keychain at the harbor. Jesus gave it to
The college Ross and Gary went to had a shoe. Ross gave it to
Then, Kevin and Doug had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to
Once Louis and Cal finished at the clothing store, Louis gave a television to
Friends Roger and Paul found a lock at the harbor. Roger gave it to
Then, Kevin and William had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to
Later, Jesus and Summer met at the laundromat. Jesus handed a clipboard to
The studio Alexander and Joy went to had a skirt. Alexander gave it to
The gallery James and Jim went to had a chair. James gave it to
Later, William and Sky met at the auto shop. William handed a hairbrush to
Later, Scott and Jane met at the field. Scott handed a scanner to
Then, Matt and Luke had a long argument, and afterwards Matt said to
Once Ross and Kevin finished at the canteen, Ross gave a spanner to
Then, Sky and Fred had a long argument, and afterwards Sky said to
Once Joy and Jean finished at the barbershop, Joy gave a nut to
Then, Will and Alex had a long argument, and afterwards Will said to
Later, Jane and Matthew met at the music store. Jane handed a knife to
Once Jim and Sky finished at the cafeteria, Jim gave a saw to
The restaurant Summer and Charles went to had a dryer. Summer gave it to
The amphitheater Thomas and Phil went to had a tripod. Thomas gave it to
Friends Richard and Taylor found a scanner at the plaza. Richard gave it to
Friends Louis and Roger found a necklace at the cafeteria. Louis gave it to
Friends Max and Thomas found a jug at the racecourse. Max gave it to
The boatyard Paul and Bob went to had a sofa. Paul gave it to
The stadium Cal and Jim went to had a camera. Cal gave it to
Friends Kevin and William found a glass at the barbershop. Kevin gave it to
Friends Sarah and Scott found a clipboard at the train. Sarah gave it to
Then, Scott and Ross had a long argument, and afterwards Scott said to
Later, Brian and William met at the factory. Brian handed a bandage to
Once Matt and James finished at the courtyard, Matt gave a table to
Then, Al and Sarah had a long argument, and afterwards Al said to
Once Matthew and Jim finished at the restaurant, Matthew gave a dryer to
Friends Joy and Jean found a keychain at the cafeteria. Joy gave it to
Once Max and Kevin finished at the laundromat, Max gave a sofa to
Once Bob and Matt finished at the gym, Bob gave a ruler to
Friends Rod and Fred found a door at the cafeteria. Rod gave it to
Friends Ty and Brian found a bolt at the spa. Ty gave it to
Later, Summer and Jim met at the amphitheater. Summer handed a paper clip to
Friends Joy and Charles found a keychain at the gym. Joy gave it to
Then, James and Scott had a long argument, and afterwards James said to
The taxi Ann and Max went to had a cushion. Ann gave it to
Once Alex and Charles finished at the court, Alex gave a scarf to
Friends Alex and Roger found a jug at the restaurant. Alex gave it to
Later, Louis and Scott met at the barracks. Louis handed a table to
Later, Lee and Steve met at the terminal. Lee handed a cup to
Once Alexander and Summer finished at the field, Alexander gave a vacuum to
Then, Summer and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Summer said to
Friends Taylor and Hope found a joystick at the racetrack. Taylor gave it to
Later, Matt and Kevin met at the gallery. Matt handed a sandpaper to
Once Brian and Jesus finished at the plaza, Brian gave a faucet to
Later, Jean and Kevin met at the university. Jean handed a plant to
Then, Rod and Steve had a long argument, and afterwards Rod said to
The florist Jesus and Jean went to had a bag. Jesus gave it to
Once Matt and Eric finished at the amphitheater, Matt gave a tissue to
Later, Gary and James met at the vet. Gary handed a knife to
Once Eric and Taylor finished at the stand, Eric gave a shovel to
The field Al and Steve went to had a table. Al gave it to
Once Ann and Alex finished at the boatyard, Ann gave a bag to
Then, Ann and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Ann said to
The pharmacy Richard and Rod went to had a boot. Richard gave it to
Once Matthew and Ann finished at the cinema, Matthew gave a bag to
Then, Hope and Alex had a long argument, and afterwards Hope said to
Friends Lee and Jesus found a toothbrush at the courtyard. Lee gave it to
Later, Hope and Ty met at the courtyard. Hope handed a jar to
Friends Eric and Jean found a tissue at the harbor. Eric gave it to
The university Luke and Taylor went to had a toothpick. Luke gave it to
The stadium Max and Doug went to had a lock. Max gave it to
Friends Scott and Max found a wardrobe at the barracks. Scott gave it to
Later, James and Louis met at the embassy. James handed a drill bit to
The elevator Jesus and Taylor went to had a television. Jesus gave it to
Later, Alex and Richard met at the train. Alex handed a necklace to
Then, Jane and Charles had a long argument, and afterwards Jane said to
The bakery Doug and Luke went to had a key. Doug gave it to
Later, Taylor and Roger met at the clothing store. Taylor handed a toothbrush to
Later, Kevin and Louis met at the bakery. Kevin handed a blanket to
Friends Charles and Bob found a joystick at the post. Charles gave it to
The cafeteria Matthew and Will went to had a cushion. Matthew gave it to
Then, Richard and James had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to
Friends Jesus and Alexander found a plant at the barbershop. Jesus gave it to
Friends Gary and Cal found a wardrobe at the fairground. Gary gave it to
Once Summer and Cal finished at the spa, Summer gave a blanket to
Then, Richard and Eric had a long argument, and afterwards Richard said to
Once Brian and Eric finished at the gas, Brian gave a nail clipper to
Once Jesus and Max finished at the college, Jesus gave a keychain to
Friends Cal and Lee found a bag at the bus. Cal gave it to
Then, Joy and Paul had a long argument, and afterwards Joy said to
Later, Eric and Lee met at the bakery. Eric handed a broom to
Once Rod and Kevin finished at the factory, Rod gave a scanner to
Later, Gary and Rod met at the racecourse. Gary handed a tie to
Once James and Bob finished at the auto shop, James gave a shoe to
The train Alex and Doug went to had a broom. Alex gave it to
Once Cal and Lee finished at the harbor, Cal gave a wardrobe to
The caravan Ty and Matt went to had a camera. Ty gave it to
The courtyard Alex and Gary went to had a bag. Alex gave it to
Later, Carl and Scott met at the gas. Carl handed a paper clip to
Once Max and Steve finished at the track, Max gave a ruler to
Friends Doug and Carl found a broom at the station. Doug gave it to
Once Kevin and Jesus finished at the service station, Kevin gave a key to
Then, Kevin and Ann had a long argument, and afterwards Kevin said to
Then, Will and Fred had a long argument, and afterwards Will said to
The playground Paul and Eric went to had a faucet. Paul gave it to
Once Roger and Sky finished at the canteen, Roger gave a pin to
Friends Brian and Doug found a table at the racecourse. Brian gave it to
Later, Max and William met at the clothing store. Max handed a knife to
Once Jean and Sky finished at the field, Jean gave a hairbrush to
Friends Taylor and Jesus found a tablet at the studio. Taylor gave it to
Once Fred and Doug finished at the ferry, Fred gave a fork to
Later, Alex and Al met at the post. Alex handed a thread to
Once Sky and Louis finished at the studio, Sky gave a lock to
Later, Alex and Jim met at the fairground. Alex handed a tie to
Once Joe and William finished at the racetrack, Joe gave a shoe to
Then, Kate and Al had a long argument, and afterwards Kate said to
Later, Sarah and Carl met at the bus. Sarah handed a calculator to
